Add more description for symbols in Optional column (#1456)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: spec-compliance-matrix.md

the feature is not applicable to the particular language, blank cell means the
status of the feature is not known.

> For `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional, blank means the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional, blank means the
```

> For `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional, `*` means for each

Reviewer 2: The description for `*` is too specific IMHO. I would say

```suggestion
For `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional blank means required, columns marked `*` are explained below.
```

Or alternatively reformulate.

```suggestion
For `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional and blank means the feature is required.

The exporters are marked with `*` in the `Optional` column: For each
```

> feature is required, columns marked `*` are explained as that for each type of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature is required, and columns marked with `*` mean that for each type of
```

> type of exporter, OTLP, Zipkin, and Jaeger, implementing at least one of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each type of exporter (OTLP, Zipkin, and Jaeger), implementing at least one of the
```
Incomplete sentence - I suppose this was the intention.

Reviewer: @ThomsonTan this incomplete sentence is still there

> supported formats is required. Implementing more than one formats is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported formats is required. Implementing more than one format is optional.
```

> formats is required. Implementing more than one formats is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
formats is required. Implementing more than one format is optional.
```

> Blank cell means the feature is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
That's already mentioned above in line 10.

the feature is not applicable to the particular language, blank cell means the
status of the feature is not known.

> For `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional blank means required, columns marked `*` are explained below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For `Optional` column, `X` means the feature is optional, blank means required, columns marked `*` are explained below.
```

| TBD                                                   |          |    |                                                                       |    |                                                                         |      |        |     |      |     |      |       |
| Prometheus                                            |          |    |                                                                       |    |                                                                         |      |        |     |      |     |      |       |
| TBD                                                   |          |    |                                                                       |    |                                                                         |      |        |     |      |     |      |       |

> `*` For each type of exporter, OTLP, Zipkin, and Jaeger, implementing at least one of the supported formats is required.

Reviewer 4: I think this was incorrectly copy-pasted

Reviewer: @anuraaga This line is removed and blended into the new paragraph on top.

Author: Yes, the column description was moved to the top and combined with existing description paragraph.
